Add DDoS change log entries for 2023-04-17 (#8510)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ddos-protection/change-log/network/2023-04-17.md

# 2023-04-17

> Previously, only a subset of rules were exposed publicly, these rules were the rule that were known to cause false positives in some rare situations. Other rules that are stronger and are not known to cause any issue were not published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, only a subset of rules were exposed publicly. In rare situations, these rules can cause false positives. When this happens, you can customize their behavior using overrides.

Besides these rules, the DDoS managed rules contain other rules that do not cause issues. Until now, these rules were not shown in the dashboard or referenced in the documentation.
```

> We now publish all rules, so packets matching these rules will display the correct rule identifier. The newly published rules are read-only and cannot be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare now shows all rules in the dashboard, including these high-confidence rules. This means that packets matching these rules will now have the correct rule identifier. The newly published rules are read-only and you cannot disable them.
```
